year 2236
space exploration is flourishing and
astronauts are the most respected
professionals in the solar system
yet despite all technical advances no
sign of extraterrestrial life has been
observed
or rather wasn't until two years ago
the gsa global space agency registered a
repeating signal like no other
it was coming from a galaxy billions of
light years away
and moving the decision was made to
construct a one-of-a-kind spaceship
exceeding the speed of light to explore
the signal
today it's finally ready and has been
given a fitting name
hope but there's a problem to reach his
full speed
it has to be piloted manually and these
four individuals are now going on board
the ship
for the most important mission in
history
perhaps never to come back the
astronauts are in their seats
engines are starting ground control
begins the countdown
five four three two
one the hope starts off the ground borne
by its rocket carrier
the sky is overcast but that's only for
the first few seconds
and here we are in the clear blue above
the clouds
our ship is leaving the atmosphere now
getting ready for the first of its many
ordeals
the space debris even today there's
still
too much of it floating in orbit the
pilots are skilled though
so there's almost no chance oh no
look at that huge chunk of metal coming
straight at them
who barely made it now that we're
through
the hope is on its own and its deep
space engines turn on
the first solid object on our way is of
course the moon
located 239 000 miles away
it's the earth's only satellite and its
closest celestial body
to get here by airplane you'd need 17
full days
and a lot more air to fly with luckily
we're not on a plane
gaining more speed the astronauts reach
mars
the fourth planet from the sun it's home
to the tallest mountain in the solar
system
olympus moths it's so huge that it's
visible
even from space leaving the red planet
behind
the hope approaches the second obstacle
the asteroid belt
oh careful now it's nimble so it easily
dodges the space rocks
look see that huge thing over there it's
not a planet
it's ceres the largest near-earth
asteroid
it's over 600 miles in diameter more
than twice the length of the grand
canyon
oh shucks the pilots must have been lost
in admiration at the giant
smaller asteroids are closing in on them
they're almost hit
near miss they're now safely out of the
belt and accelerating again
next stop is jupiter the largest planet
of our system
a gas giant its diameter is about 89
000 miles which makes it more than 11
times bigger than earth
look at that enormous swirl on its
surface see
that's a hurricane that's been going on
for centuries and it alone is twice the
size of our home planet
now our pilots were a bit to the side
and reach out of saturn's famous rings
they're made of ice and stone and span
as wide
as the moon is from the earth what was
that a comet
whoa close call those tailed things are
essentially huge chunks of ice
hurtling through space and one of them
has flown inches from our hero
spacecraft
reaching sub-light speed the ship rolls
past the orbit of two other planets
now too far and unseen to the first
dwarf planet of the solar system
pluto not far away you can see charon
the largest of its five moons it's so
big that it doesn't
only orbit around pluto but makes it
kind of dance around
cheron too almost at the speed of light
now
the spacecraft races straight into the
kuiper belt
the second asteroid belt on its way out
of the system
chunks of ice float past and the
astronauts have to be very careful
veering among them careful
one of the rogue asteroids has scraped
the ship at such speed
a more serious impact could have been
devastating but even a scrape like this
is pretty bad
they dropped the speed to do some
repairs while the two pilots are
gingerly leading the hope
out of the belt but what's that huge
thing
blocking the view oh it's eris
another dwarf planet the size of pluto
which means we're safely outside
and will soon be approaching the limits
of the solar system
just one last obstacle on the way the
oort cloud
quiet now the moment has finally calm
the cloud is too far away to reach it
even at the speed of light
it will take a year at best so the hope
is preparing its state-of-the-art
skip drive ready now
in the blink of an eye the hope is right
at the inner limits of the oort cloud
the last asteroid belt there is in the
solar system
it's not as hazardous as the previous
two because asteroids are much
farther apart but skipping through them
is still not an option
so the ship is carefully making its way
among the icy rocks
shoot another comet and another one
two comets at a time both somehow
attracted to the spacecraft
no huh they're
alive oh i see
the comets collided with each other just
behind the hope and the blast simply
pushed it forward
boy you guys had me worried you know
but now we're finally out of the
boundaries of the solar system
the greater space begins and it's safe
to skip again the hope jumps several
light years further ahead
and we're now looking at the sun's
closest star neighbor
the proxima centauri and its two big
brothers
alpha centauri a and b it's still
unknown if there's any life
on the planets of this star system the
skip drive is getting blue again
time for some action now it's making a
series of jumps
each taking the hope several thousand
light years further into the cosmos
the scale is getting broader and now
we're looking at the milky way galaxy in
all its glory while still being within
it
isn't it beautiful but there's no time
to waste
with each skip we're making bigger
distance still
and wait what's wrong why did we stop
is that yes we're now being witnesses to
the demise of a star
that stream of light is its energy and
the bright
disc that attracts it is called the
accretion disk
the ring of matter and energy swirling
around a supermassive black hole
the astronauts are lucky to have stopped
in time otherwise
they would have been spaghettified
adjusting the course
setting the skip drive and another
series of interstellar jumps
takes the hope out of the milky way and
into the neighboring galaxy
andromeda and here we're at a safe
distance
watching the incredible the birth of a
galaxy cluster
thousands of light years away but big
enough to be clearly visible from here
hundreds upon hundreds of galaxies are
being born
right now and at the center of it all is
another black hole
it's the core of a new cluster weakened
and thus helping stars to appear and now
finally the skip drive is ready to take
the astronauts to their point of
destination
the mysterious signal they've been
receiving it ever since leaving the
earth
and it's growing stronger with each skip
now
they expect it to be even clearer
because the next jump will take them
a billion light years ahead we're now in
a weird place
there are several stars all circling
around a small black hole
and each having at least a couple of
planets orbiting them
look one of the stars got too close and
a fountain of lights spurted toward the
black hole
but then the star ripped itself free and
continued its slow movement
here the signal is stronger but not as
strong as expected by far
it's moved further much further there's
no choice but to skip again
and who knows where to
it's dark and quiet too much so in
fact complete darkness and deafening
silence
and then the wave of light engulfs the
spacecraft
and in the glow they see it with
incredulous eyes
they're at the edge of everything the
edge of the universe as we know it
there's a wall of dancing light not
unlike the northern lights on earth
but all shades of red and yellow instead
of green
and it's rapidly moving away carrying
with it the signal
which has become very strong all of a
sudden
all this time it was a chase after the
end of all that is
and now there's no choice but to pursue
the goal
until the very end the crew braces
themselves
and skip there outside our universe